I want to thank you for your solidarity
your clear unwavering support from the
minute this War Began I think the fact
that you came to Israel tells us a lot I
said to President Biden yesterday that
there's one thing more heartwarming than
standing with Israel it's standing in
Israel and the fact that you came here
to do that uh is a very strong statement
of support which we deeply appreciate uh
Chancellor Schultz who also visited here
called Hamas uh the new Nazis he was
right you fought the Nazis 80 years ago
uh resolutely uh and the entire world
supported your action President Biden
called Hamas worse than Isis he's right
too Hamas are the new Nazis they're the
new Isis and we have to fight them
together just as the world the Civilized
World United to fight uh the Nazis and
United to fight Hamas it must together
now stand with Israel as we fight and
defeat defeat Kamas this is not merely
our battle it's the battle of the entire
civilized world it's the Battle of uh
Israel it's the battle of the moderate
Arab countries it's the Battle of uh
Western Civilization the battle of the
Free World the battle for the future we
have here two forces one is an AIS of
evil led by Iran through balah Kamas and
others that want to bring back the
Middle East to the Middle Ages to an of
bonded bondage and War and slavery and
Annihilation and the other force is the
forces of progress uh and Humanity that
want to push the Middle East into a
world of peace and prosperity we were on
the cusp of expanding that peace and
destroying that move was one of the
reasons why this action was taken we
have to resist it and we have to win
above all we have to win we have to
release the hostages you have Nationals
understand that I know you do that we
have their children babies women uh
elderly Holocaust Survivors and your
Nationals and we have to work together
in every way possible and we're doing
that to get them back I appreciate the
fact that you also sent some military
forces into the region we discussed
practical cooperation on many fronts and
I value that very much 80 years ago 80
years ago prime
minister the Civilized World stood with
you in your darkest hour this is our
darkest hour it's the world's darkest
hour we need to stand together and we
want to win and this is why I support I
value your support and the fact that
you're here we must win together that
means that this is a long war and we'll
need your continous support continuous
support there'll be ups and downs
there'll be difficulties the people here
are united they're prepared to take the
necessary action I've never seen the
people of Israel as United more united
than they are now but we need that Unity
across the board and continuous support
as we prosecute and win this just war
against the modern barbarians the worst
monsters on the planet thank you Richie
for coming
here well prime minister thank you for
your warm words and for welcoming me to
Israel I'm just sorry to be here in such
terrible circumstances in the last two
weeks this country has gone through
something that no country no people
should have to endure least of all
Israel which has lived through some of
the most awful scenes the Spectre of
violence and terrorism every day of its
existence and I want to share the Deep
condolences of the British people and
stress that we absolutely support
Israel's right to defend itself in line
with international law to go after Hamas
to take back hostages deter further in
incursions and to strengthen your
security for the long term now I know
that you are taking every precaution to
avoid harming civilians in direct
contrast to the terrorists of Hamas
which seek to put civilians In Harm's
Way but I also want to thank you for the
support that your government has given
to the families of British Nationals
caught up in this horror including your
efforts to release the hostages SEC cure
their release and I know that we will
continue to cooperate particularly with
regard to the British Nationals that are
involved can I also say that we have
seen the scenes over the past day that
have shocked all of us particularly at
the hospital and we mourn the loss of
every innocent life civilians of every
Faith every nationality who have been
killed and we also recognize that the
Palestinian people are victims of Hamas
too and that is why I welcome your
decision yesterday that you took to
ensure that Roots into Gaza will be
opened for humanitarian Aid to enter I'm
glad that you made that decision we will
support it we're increasing our Aid to
the region and we will look to get more
support to people as quickly as we can
uh the last thing for me to close on is
this you describe this as Israel's
Darkest Hour well then it's for me to
say I'm proud to stand here with you in
Israel's Darkest Hour as your friend we
will stand with you in solidarity we
will stand with you people and we also
want you to win thank you thank you
thank you very
much thank
you the bushes prime minister there
Richi sunak standing alongside the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu saying this is Benjamin netan
who said this isn't just our battle this
is a battle of uh the Western civil
ization it is a battle he said for the
Free World he said it's a battle that we
have to resist we have to win and we
have to release the hostages he said 80
years ago the Civilized World stood with
the UK talking to Rishi suak there Rishi
sunak said in the past two weeks this
country and its people has gone through
something no country should endure he
said we support Israel's right to defend
itself under international law he said I
know you're taking every precaution to
protect civilians he also said Rishi
sunak said we recognize the Palestinian
people are victims of Hamas as well and
we welcome Israel's decision decision to
allow humanitarian Aid in and he
finished by saying that we are proud to
stand with you in your darkest hour we
want you to win